the [ __ ] he arrived at the horse stable
where Sofi put her horse yesterday
there. The inspector seemed to see there was a
Gem of Jewels behind a pile of hay
but unfortunately he had not had time to
confirm it he was asked to
leave the stables because
Leopard had arrived a week after
Sofi's death Ijen Hai heard that
the driver who killed the driver has been arrested
but the person who was arrested was
not Leopold Ice who was very
dissatisfied with the arrest and then rose
from his slump and started a
new show by renting a
new place and recruiting people from Asia
to be his team. The show this
time showed more science.
necromancy or a science to
summon the spirits of the
dead to receive a message from
the spirits after their death the
spirits summoned by I'm look
quite real because they can directly
interact with the audience.
walking around the
theater and out of the streets it makes
people believe that isn't Hai
has a supernatural power
that can resurrect the spirits of the
dead it also creates
an issue of a revolutionary movement
that will turn the kingdom into
a spiritual kingdom  The issue
reached Leopold's ears which
made Leopard ask the Inspector to
immediately arrest YP. The arrest was
carried out by Inspector Ul on one of the
nights of the show, which claimed that the
arrest made
Barbarian senhime fans become
Kiram. They then waited outside
Inspector Ul's office to support YP.
The inspector then asked snh to
tell them to go home or he would
be imprisoned immediately ICM went straight out to the
balcony of the inspector's office to meet
his supporters Ijen said that
everything they saw was just tricks
and illusions and his only purpose in doing
this was  to entertain
the audience
Hi He then asked everyone to disperse
and return to
their respective homes so that the atmosphere returned to
being conducive again because he had
followed Inspector ic6's orders then
asked for permission to go home
after hearing the statement
made by I'm yesterday in front of the audience.
people who said that
everything he did was just a trick and
an illusion it seemed that there was doubt
in the Inspector's heart to make an
arrest for Leo's sign was very
upset with Inspector Wow because he
couldn't finish what he was
ordered he finally
decided to come to the office himself.
eisenheim show to see for yourself the
action performed by yj Naim at
night by doing a
disguise Leopard came to
the aise Hain performance
theater like previous shows
ic6 sat on a chair slowly he
concentrated on calling the spirits
of the dead and
Surprisingly, the spirit that came this time was
the spirit of Sophie
Hai, the audience who had been
curious about Sofi's killer,
immediately asked
Sofi's spirit, then Sofi's spirit replied
that the one who killed her was in the
theater at that time, not long after that the
spirit slowly disappeared.  which
left a big question mark
for everyone who was there, of
course. This made Leopard even more
angry with
I'm's actions because indirectly the
show had accused
him of committing the murder
of Sofi. He then ordered the Inspector
to arrest the
eisenheim's next show
The next morning the Inspector again
called SNM to his office to
discuss the matter of the performance act
performed by I'm Inspector
asked hgu's permission not to do any
more seances because he didn't
want to arrest eisenheim but eisenheim
did not accept the request from the
Inspector and instead promised that the
Inspector would be very entertained by
the next
show.  That
night, Ijen Hai gave all
his assets to his manager. The
show started again. The spirit that came
at that time was the spirit of Sofi. The audience
again asked the same question
about Sofi's killer. Sofi's spirit
said just before he died
he tried to run from the killer and
he  I'm also wearing a nice
pendant, but the pendant was lost
when Sofi died, the audience began to
speculate that the real killer of
Sofi was Prince Leopold
because the conditions in the Theater Building at that time
were not conducive. Inspector snake
finally decided to
arrest Eisenheim on
charges of fraud and attempted to
overthrow the kingdom but the arrest
failed because Aise Hain's body
slowly disappeared from the
Theater Inspector then ordered his
men to check the entire
Theater Building and also the kruissen I'm but
they did not find  nice I'm in the
building Inspector then went to
Aini's house to look for it
inside I'm Inspector's house found a
book that contained a
pendant design that I'm made for Sofi
immediately the Inspector got a
magical whisper to check back
at the Horse Stable  Leopold's palace and that's
where he finally found the
pendant worn by Sofi and a
green gemstone that seemed to be
a decoration in
Leopold's sword and sure enough
after the Inspector asked
Leopold's servant to get Leopold's sword
all the gems he had  Take
it according to the slot on
Leopold's sword that
Inspector Wow uses as evidence that
Sofi's killer is actually Leopold
Hai the story then returns to the
normal flow where it is known from here that
Inspector Ul's purpose of coming to
Leopard at the beginning of the film is not to
report a serious case.  he was working on
but it was a Cindy where
Inspector Ulakan made an arrest
against Leopold for the evidence
he had obtained. Birthday Inspector uh that he
would not be able to arrest
Leopold alone therefore
he had asked the staff to the
emperor to come to Leopold's palace
to make an arrest knowing
this Leopard immediately locked the
door and he threatened Inspector Ul
with a gun The inspector seemed to
have given up If he was going to be shot but the
leopards who were very frustrated
finally decided to shoot
themselves in the head
Hey new imperial troops  u just
arrived at the Leopard palace, went straight into the
room and found Leopard
who was already in a lifeless state
after the incident the Inspector was
no longer the chief
inspector in the city of Vienna when he just
came out of the Palace Building he suddenly
remembered that he still kept the
pendant  Sofi's when she was
walking suddenly a
small child approached her then
someone hit her from behind
the little boy turned out to give
an envelope containing a book
belonging to Eisenheim Inspector then asked
the child Who
gave the book to him and the
child  answered her eyes on him
instantly. The inspector checked
his coat pocket. But it turned out that Sofi's locket
had disappeared. He then ran
after the man who hit him earlier,
which turned out to be I'm
who was walking to the
train station to go somewhere.
Arriving at IC
lang station  sung got into the train and the train
immediately departed when he saw
the grandfathers that he had seen
together with aise Hain Inspector
Ultima arrived remembering some of the events
that he had recently related
to the case of I'm a
Hi everyone
hi hi
Kyle XY  It turned out that all of this was
just a prank set up
by an intelligent illusionist who
managed to make fun of a chief
Inspector of the people in the city and
even made Prince Leopard commit
suicide. The inspector couldn't help but
laugh out loud knowing that he had
entered the content of Aise Hain's setting.
At the end of the film, it is shown that Aise Hain
goes to a very beautiful
place which seems to
be in an inland far
from the hustle and bustle of the city. Finally, the love
between Edward and Sofie ended
happily without any interference from the royal party.
in this illusionist for
those of you who like videos  o this, please help
to like share and of course subscribe to
this channel
Hi, I'm goodbye, I'll see you
in the next film storyline
[Music]